[New entry] added file for tan in math methods (#5068)
Codecademy/docs: content/numpy/concepts/math-methods/terms/tan/tan.md

> ---
> Title: '.tan()'
> Description: 'Calculates the tangent of an angle.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Arrays'
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'NumPy'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.tan()'
Description: 'Calculates the tangent of each element in an array or a single value in radians.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'NumPy'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> In NumPy, the **`.tan()`** method calculates the tangent of an angle. Used to find mathematical computations involving trigonometric operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NumPy, the **`.tan()`** function calculates the tangent of each element in an array, where the elements are interpreted as angles in radians. It is used for mathematical computations involving trigonometric operations.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
numpy.tan(array, out = None, where=True)
```

> - `array`: An array passed containing the elements for which tan is computed.
> - `out`: An optional field specifies the array where the result of the operation is stored.
> - `where`: The condition that determines for which elements in the given array tangent is calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `array`: An array-like or scalar containing angles in radians. The function computes the tangent of each element.
- `out`: An optional parameter specifying an array where the result will be stored. If not provided, a new array is created.
- `where`: A condition or boolean array that determines which elements of `array` are used to compute the tangent. The tangent is computed only for elements where the condition is `True`.
```

## Example

The below example shows the `.tan()` function in use:

```py
import numpy as np

# Array of angles in radians
angles_in_radians = np.array([0, np.pi/6, np.pi/4, np.pi/3])

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Create an empty array to store the results
```
